### Age of Mythology Starter Modpack

##### Preamble

This is essentially the compilation of mods and settings that I personally used circa 2012~ whilst being an active AoM player. A lot of the mods used here were sourced from the likes of AoMH, RTSS, as well as voobly.

Whether you are a seasoned Age of Mythology veteran or a newcomer to the game, I'm confident this modpack offers something, be it a hotkey bind you hadn't thought of yet, or a set of textures/sound that helps make critical macro/micro decisions. 

No need to spend hours tweaking settings or installing numerous mods - simply install this one minimalist modpack.

Etimos!

##### Features

The aim of this repo is to help someone have a bare minimum of a competitive setup going. Here are what this repo comes with:

* Idle Villager Feedback
* Xpacklang (Detailed tooltip)
* Grid Hotkeys
* Enchanced/Minimalistic UI
* Texture Mod for Visual Clarity
* Enhanced font
* HP Flash when attacked
* Disabled initial Cinematic
* Resolution set to 1920x1080
* Various hotkeys related tweaks

##### Installation

Pre-requisites:

* Install `Age of Mythology`
* Install `Titans Expansion`
* Restart
* Install `v1.03` patch for the `Titan's Expansion`
* Install `MSXML4.0`
* Boot into a game through `aomx.exe`

***Note: The automated install assumes you are using the CD version of `Age of Mythology`. Compatibility with steam/Gold version of AoM are currently unknown.***

There are currently 3 ways to install this modpack, namely the command prompt, powershell, and manually.

###### Command Prompt

After installation of `MSXML4.0` is done, run the following command in the command prompt:

```install.bat```

Please note that Administrator privileges are required for this to work. You can do so by right clicking on the `install.bat` file and selecting `Run as Administrator`.

###### Powershell

After installation of `MSXML4.0` is done, run the following command in the command prompt:

```install.ps1```

Please note that you may need to set your execution policy to `RemoteSigned` or `Unrestricted` for this to work. To do so, run the following command in the powershell:

```Set-ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned``` or ```Set-ExecutionPolicy Unrestricted```

###### Manual

***Note: It is recommended you at least launch a random map game, open options, and press Ok, before quitting. It's so all the prerequisite files are generated by the game installation.***

If all fails, you can always install the mods manually. Simply copy the contents of the corresponding folder into your `Age of Mythology` or `Documents` folder, Further instructions are inside both folders through `Readme.md`.


##### License

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

##### Contributions

Given as it's been a good decade since I was an active player, I now am not even sure I recall most if not all of the authors here. The reason I cobbled this repository together, is with express intent to make it easier for someone to get set up with a copy of AOM for lan parties almost instantly. If  you feel you have something that'll enhance the experience, feel free to make a PR.

Not to the original authors: kindly make a PR to stake a claim the specific mod you worked on.  Along with that, any contact information, or donation links you see fit are encouraged.

The currently known authors are:

* [Heavengames AoM Community](http://aom.heavengames.com/)
* [RTS Sanctuary AoM Community](http://www.rts-sanctuary.com/)
* [Voobly Community](https://www.voobly.com/)